stand at attention
Hey
You called me here to see the antiques
Right
Then let's go and have a look. Okay?
Wait a minute.
Come to a place like this, at least let me clean up
This man has to kick me out
Stores under the province and city
I'm the boss.
Who dares to fight?
Sir, welcome
We have all kinds of activities here.
Take your pick.
Can I introduce you?
That's very expensive, ma'am.
We have high-quality antiques here.
Every piece is priceless
You can't touch it casually.
And I see you dress and taste
You can't afford it if it breaks, right?
I see things that are low
With your service attitude
Who woke you up?
You bring in a poor man and you want to pretend to be a big money
Forget it, we're here to buy gifts.
big deal
No, you are also one of the mistresses of the Shen family
On behalf of how the Shen family was bullied by others
She doesn't think I can't afford it.
From now on
Every item he just looked at was wrapped up for me
I'll take it.
Do you know how expensive each item is here?
You still want it all?
You are so embarrassed
This is enough
Enough Enough